Red is dominant in flowers over white. What happens when you cross a white flower and a homozygous red flower?;r;xxXX|Red is dominant in flowers over white. What happens when you cross a white flower and a red flower?;r;xxXx:xxXX|Red is dominant in flowers over white. What happens when you cross two white flowers?;r;xxxx|A homozygous recessive crossed with a heterozygous;?;xxXx|A homozygous dominant crossed with a heterozygous;?;XXXx|A homozygous recessive crossed with a homozygous recessive;?;xxxx|A homozygous recessive crossed with a homozygous dominant;?;xxXX|A homozygous dominant crossed with a homozygous recessive;?;XXxx|A homozygous dominant crossed with a homozygous dominant;?;XXXX|One showing the dominant trait is crossed with one showing the recessive trait. ;?;XXxx:Xxxx|One showing the dominant trait is crossed with one showing the dominant trait. ;?;XXXX:XXXx:XxXx|Dimples is dominant over no dimples. What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is homozygous dominant and Parent 2 is heterozygous?;d;XXXx|Dimples is dominant over no dimples. What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is Dd and Parent 2 is Dd?;d;XxXx|Unattached earlobes is dominant over unattached. What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is heterozygous and Parent 2 is homozygous dominant?;e;XxXX|Unattached earlobes is dominant over unattached. What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is Ee and Parent 2 is ee?;e;Xxxx|Round nose is dominant over pointy nose. What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is homzygous recessive and Parent 2 is homozygous dominant?;r;xxXX|Round nose is dominant over pointy nose. What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is rr and Parent 2 is RR?;r;xxXX|Round nose is dominant over pointy nose. What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is homzygous recessive and Parent 2 is homozygous recessive?;r;xxxx|Blue eyes are dominant to red eyes in rabbits.  What are the possible offsprings if heterozygous blue-eyed rabbit crossed with a red-eyed rabbit?;b;Xxxx|Blue eyes are dominant to red eyes in rabbits.  What are the possible offsprings if homozygous dominant blue-eyed rabbit crossed with a red-eyed rabbit?;b;XXxx|Blue eyes are dominant to red eyes in rabbits.  What are the possible offsprings if heterozygous blue-eyed rabbit crossed with a heterozygous blue-eyed rabbit?;b;XxXx|Blue eyes are dominant to red eyes in rabbits.  What are the possible offsprings if heterozygous blue-eyed rabbit crossed with a homozygous dominant blue-eyed rabbit?;b;XxXX|Blue eyes are dominant to red eyes in rabbits.  What are the possible offsprings if heterozygous (Bb) blue-eyed rabbit crossed with a heterozygous (Bb) blue-eyed rabbit?;b;XxXx|In fruit flies, red eyes are dominant over white eyes.  Show a cross between two white-eye fruit flies.;r;XXXX:XXXx:XxXx|In fruit flies, red eyes are dominant over white eyes.  Show a cross between heterozygous (Rr) red eye fruit flies and a homozygous recessive (rr) white-eye fruit flies.;r;Xxxx|In fruit flies, red eyes are dominant over white eyes.  Show a cross between homozygous dominant (RR) red eye fruit flies and a homozygous recessive (rr) white-eye fruit flies.;r;XXxx|In fruit flies, red eyes are dominant over white eyes.  Show a cross between homozygous recessive (rr) white-eye fruit flies and a homozygous recessive (rr) white-eye fruit flies.;r;xxxx|Huntington disease is a dominant disorder which causes a brain disorder resulting in uncontrolled movements, emotional problems, and loss of thinking ability (cognition). What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is Hh and Parent 2 is Hh?;h;XxXx|Huntington disease is a dominant disorder which causes a brain disorder resulting in uncontrolled movements, emotional problems, and loss of thinking ability (cognition). What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is homozygous dominant and Parent 2 is homozygous recessive?;h;XXxx|Huntington disease is a dominant disorder which causes a brain disorder resulting in uncontrolled movements, emotional problems, and loss of thinking ability (cognition). What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is homozygous recessive and Parent 2 is homozygous recessive?;h;xxxx|Huntington disease is a dominant disorder which causes a brain disorder resulting in uncontrolled movements, emotional problems, and loss of thinking ability (cognition). What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is homozygous dominant and Parent 2 is homozygous dominant?;h;XXXX|Cystic fibrosis is a recessive disorder that is  characterized by the buildup of thick, sticky mucus that can damage many of the body's organs.What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is homozygous dominant and Parent 2 is homozygous dominant?;f;XXXX|Cystic fibrosis is a recessive disorder that is  characterized by the buildup of thick, sticky mucus that can damage many of the body's organs.What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is homozygous dominant (HH) and Parent 2 is heterozygous (Hh)?;f;XXXx|Cystic fibrosis is a recessive disorder that is  characterized by the buildup of thick, sticky mucus that can damage many of the body's organs.What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is heterozygous (Hh) and Parent 2 is heterozygous (Hh)?;f;XxXx|Cystic fibrosis is a recessive disorder that is  characterized by the buildup of thick, sticky mucus that can damage many of the body's organs.What are the possible offsprings if  Parent 1 is homozygous recessive (hh) and Parent 2 is homozygous recessive (hh)?;f;xxxx|